Web VistA Remote Access Management Application National Release
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
We are pleased to announce the release of a new Class 1 application, 
WebVRAM. In April 2011, the Executive Director of Office of Information 
Technology (OIT) Field Operations challenged the Director, Region Field 
Program Office (FPO), with finding a technology solution to solve access 
control complexities for the Consolidated Patient Account Center (CPAC). 
As a result, a Veterans Health Information Systems and Technology (VistA) 
Single Sign-On (SSO) project was chartered to develop a local 
application, utilizing existing capabilities of the VistA CLAIMS System 
for user profile storage and authorization and Remote Procedure Call 
(RPC) Broker to allow remote access (read and write), using a single set 
of credentials, for organizations requiring access to information 
resources provided by VistA.
 
The VistA Remote Access Management application (VRAM) was developed to 
address these access control complexities. VRAM requires a thick client 
component on the user's workstation. WebVRAM, a web-based application can 
now be centrally maintained with no client-side installation, and the 
prior model of user authorization through the VistA CLAIMS system is 
replaced by leveraging the VistA Station ID Callback module (STIC) at 
user login while maintaining an internal user table that can be 
electronically populated with user profiles, VistA menus and keys. The 
new WebVRAM application provides the capability to access authorized 
VistA accounts nationwide, based on the user's authorized local VistA 
profile, allowing users to remotely execute VistA applications, 
Computerized Patient Record System (CPRS) and Fee Basis Claims System 
(FBCS) menu options in support of their business model and mission, all 
by simply clicking on a URL.
 
This functionality requires the release of VistA patch, WEBG*1.0*0, which 
contains a post-installation routine that adds one entry (WEBVRAM) to the 
REMOTE APPLICATION (#8994.5) file, which is the BSE entry for the WebVRAM 
callback to the VistA system. The patch contains one new entry (WEBG 
WEBVRAM GUI) in the OPTION (#19) file, for the RPCs used by WebVRAM.  The 
patch also adds one new entry (WEBG AV PUSH) to the SECURITY KEY (#19.1) 
file, that is used to manage users of WebVRAM. The WebVRAM application 
will be "live" when deployed to its Azure Cloud production environment 
and will be available for production use for all users at a VistA site 
once the patch is installed at that site. Following the standard 30 day 
VistA patch deployment cycle, full use of the application's features will 
not be available to all VA users until sometime after 2/14/20.
 
 
The WebVRAM Project Team would like to extend their sincere appreciation 
to the many individuals who contributed to the development of this 
project.  The sites below participated as test sites and their dedication 
and input to the project was invaluable:
 
        Beckley, WV             Cincinnati, OH
        Clarksburg, WV          Minneapolis, MN
        Togus, ME
 
Software and Documentation Retrieval Instructions:
--------------------------------------------------
 
Documentation describing the new functionality and/or a host file 
containing
a build may be included in this release.
  
This patch is available as a KIDS build via PackMan message from FORUM. 
  
Sites may retrieve patch documentation from download.vista.med.va.gov. 
This transmits the file from the first available server. Sites may also 
retrieve the patch documentation directly using Secure File Transfer 
Protocol (SFTP) from the ANONYMOUS.SOFTWARE directory at the following OI 
Field Offices:
  
 Hines:          fo-hines.med.va.gov  
 Salt Lake City: fo-slc.med.va.gov
  
Documentation can also be found on the VA Software Documentation Library  
at: https://www.va.gov/vdl/
 
 Documentation Title            File Name                     FTP Mode
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
 Deployment, Installation, 
 Back-Out, and Rollback 
 Guide (Word format)            webvram_dibr.docx             Binary
 
 Deployment, Installation, 
 Back-Out, and Rollback 
 Guide (PDF format)             webvram_dibr.pdf              Binary
 
 User Guide (Word format)       webvram_ug.docx               Binary
 
 User Guide (PDF format)        webvram_ug.pdf                Binary
 
 Admin Module User Guide
 (Word format)                  webvram_admin_module_ug.docx  Binary
 
 Admin Module User Guide
 (PDF format)                   webvram_admin_module_ug.pdf   Binary
 
 
Patch Installation:
-------------------
  
Pre/Post Installation Overview:
This patch contains a single post-install routine WEBGY00 which will 
automatically run after the patch installation. The routine updates the
REMOTE APPLICATION file by adding an entry named WEBVRAM. This routine is
automatically deleted after successful patch installation.
 
Complete installation and back-out plan are found in the patch 
description.
